we are now videotaping everything that's
going on in the studio you are video
tape I'm video taping that is Matt that
is Abby's husband this making the
annoying sound is Christopher with a que
I'm Lori my you doing all right we're
about the videotape an experiment that's
going to go up on the web will do we'll
get look at maritz part down first yeah
cuz this is what kind of sparked this
whole thing is that I revealed that I
enjoy the cream shot the I'm sorry b8 a
CD good adult cream drinker I thought
she say she's taking it a small cream
thing that you get from a restaurant and
she's gonna just drink the whole bags
which is disgusting oh it is it's
disgusting I have to disagree i love it
so much and in fact I'm other listeners
called that have the same affliction
yeah they're all bunch of asian of these
ready yep hmm okay yeah look about a
milk mustache what's that screwdriver
thanks Chris so here's the thing i said
that was the most disgusting thing I've
ever witnessed in my entire life oh come
on until justice until Jeff Parsons's
nah hey do you have a zoom and stuff on
this yeah where is this this little
thing my god you ever never used a
camera for real I'm not no no I haven't
what do you need to zoom for all right I
like to get my feet from you why don't
we do get close all right explain what
you're about to do oh this is a trick
that I'm gonna take my headphones off
here this is a trick that I learned from
the fabulous penn & teller who i am a
big fan of of how to make it look like
your eyeball you stabbed yourself on the
eyeball an eyeball goop is going all
over the floor excellent that is white
in da crib here's how it works you take
your creamer you put it kuppet or like
this okay the palm of your of your hand
so that it can't be seen you put it up
to your eye and then you stand and then
and if your teddy you're watching this
cut out of the corner of his own 'hi and
you stab yourself in the eye hey Chris
was that neat or what I find that more
disgusting than just drinking I think
that's awesome yes I see I you agree
with the awesomeness of the eyeball is
getting squirted out that's me Laurie
who's cleaning up the mess on the carpet
hey Chris